[misc] Output "taichi_cpp_tests.exe" to the "bin" folder on Windows (#2515)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/lang/articles/contribution/writing_cpp_tests.md

./taichi_cpp_tests
```

:::note

> On Windows, `taichi_cpp_tests.exe` will be outputted into the `%TAICHI_REPO_DIR%\bin` directory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, `taichi_cpp_tests.exe` will be placed inside the `%TAICHI_REPO_DIR%\bin` directory,
```

> so you can directly run it after adding the directory to `PATH` in [Setting up Taichi for development](dev_install.md#setting-up-taichi-for-development-3).

Author: Hopefully I understand how the link works correctly -- feel free to correct me if the syntax is wrong.
